Welcome to the show.
I'm Ellen and like many of you,
I am a baby boomer.
We are the generation that grew
up drinking from garden hoses and
drinking orange Tang and
drinking from our parent's liquor cabinet.
[LAUGH] Baby boomers were
born between 1946 and 1964.
They call us that because
after the World War II,
there was a boom of babies being born.
People were like, we lived through
the war, let's make whoopee.
And-
>> [LAUGHING]
>> For you millennials,
making whoopee is like Netflix and chill.
>> [LAUGHING] [APPLAUSE]
>> That's what it is.
[APPLAUSE]
But they were married.
>> [LAUGH]
>> That's the difference.
[APPLAUSE] So, millennials were
born between 1982 and 2004.
These are people who will
never know the joy of using
the end of a pencil to dial the phone.
Do you remember that?
>> [LAUGH]
>> You would actually
>> [APPLAUSE] We're back.
I have some news for baby boomers,
we are not the majority any more.
A new census says that millennials
have over taken us, and
I know this because a 20 year old staff
member read it to me form the internet.
[APPLAUSE]
>> So, I want to play a little game.
I am gonna test the knowledge between
baby boomers and millennials and
see how well they know each other.
Tracy Woods and Chantelle Miller,
where are you two?
[APPLAUSE] All right, so I'm gonna ask you
questions about the other generation and
we'll see how well y'all know each other,
okay?
>> Okay.
>> All right,
we're gonna start with the baby boomer.
What does, and don't help, anybody,
because we want to see how much she knows.
Okay.
>> What does yolo mean?
>> Yolo.
[LAUGH]
>> What do you think it means?
>> It's an icon on the text messaging.
[LAUGH]
>> No.
>> No, no.
>> Okay, all right,
>> You only live once.
>> Okay.
>> Yolo, yeah.
>> I knew that.
>> Yeah, I know you know it.
>> Yeah [LAUGH]
>> You're just getting started.
>> That's right.
>> Yeah.
What is your name?
>> Shantel.
>> And you are?
>> Tracey.
>> All right.
So Shantel name all four Beatles.
[LAUGH]
>> Actually, Paul McCartney.
>> That's one.
[LAUGH]
John Lennon?
>> Yes.
>> Really?
>> I didn't know that.
>> Yeah.
>> Boy, clearly I did.
>> Yeah, you did.
Two others.
>> My gosh.
>> No clue.
>> No, Michael?
No, not Michael Jackson.
I don't know.
[INAUDIBLE] But
he did a song with Paul McCartney.
He did Ebony and Ivory, remember that.
>> I do remember that, no i dont.
I dont think so.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Alright, so there was Ringo.
And then there was George Harrison.
>> Okay, ill have to go.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I'll go look them up.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Yeah, they were a good band.
>> They were, they were.
>> They wrote a lot of songs,
they were really really
>> They were great.
>> All right Tracey on tender what would
you do if you really, really, really,
really like someone?
>> If I really, really,
really like someone.
Mm, I'd send them a great
picture of my face.
[LAUGH] [SOUND] Sign it Tinder,
let me see.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Do you know what Tinder is?
>> Not really.
[LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH]
>> It's a dating app.
Okay.
>> Okay!
>> What would she do if she really,
really, really?
>> Super like.
Swipe up.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> You can only super like, but
you can only do it once every 24 hours or
something.
>> That's it?
Okay.
>> You can't like too many people.
>> [LAUGH]
>> All right.
Who can turn on the world on with a smile?
>> You can.
>> Yes I can.
[APPLAUSE]
You do!
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Come on everybody, sing it with me.
[MUSIC]
Who can turn the world on with a smile?
>> See, I know the song.
>> Yeah, all right.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Mary Tyler Moore.
Mary Tyler Moore.
>> Yes!
Okay.
[LAUGH]
>> All right.
What show had the character Aunt Bee?
Andy?
I'm high.
[LAUGH]
>> No.
>> Andy Griffith Show.
Have you ever heard of that?
>> Yeah.
Yes.
>> It's hard to whistle.
We were so patient.
We would listen to a theme
song that was a whistle.
That's how.
Yes.
That's how we work.
All right.
And that's all.
But you know what,
you're gonna win something.
You have 55 inch TCL 4K Roku TV.
[APPLAUSE]